BOOKING TERMS & CONDITIONS - STUDENT
PART 1 – GENERAL
1. IMPORTANT NOTICE
Please read these Booking Terms and Conditions carefully before making a booking.
2. INTRODUCTION 
(a) T hese Booking Terms and Conditions relate to bookings made for rooms/beds contained in the purpose-built student accommodation 
properties owned, operated and/or managed by us (individually, a Property and together, the Properties). 
(b) T hey apply to all bookings for the Properties, including bookings made online through our website (currently located at www.scape.com.au/
privacy.policy (Website), in person, over the phone, via email, or via a third party agent.
(c) In these Boo king Terms and Conditions:
(i) we, us or our means the operator entity of the relevant Property, Scape Australia Management Pty Ltd, its related entities and the bodies 
corporate that it manages; and 
(ii) you or your means the person making a booking at a Property. 
(d) If y ou do not accept these Booking Terms and Conditions, you must not make a booking with us for a Property.  By proceeding with your 
booking, you expressly agree to these Booking Terms and Conditions. 
(e) W e may revise these Booking Terms and Conditions (including any part to these Booking Terms and Conditions) at any time.  Please check 
the Website hosting these Booking Terms and Conditions from time to time to review any changes that have been made, as they are binding 
on you.
(f) While w e endeavour to ensure that the information contained in these Booking Terms and Conditions is correct, we do not warrant the 
accuracy and completeness of the material in these Booking Terms and Conditions, nor do we guarantee that these Booking Terms and 
Conditions, or any content in these Booking Terms and Conditions, will be free from errors or omissions.
(g) T hese Booking Terms and Conditions are governed by the law in force in the relevant state in which the Property you have booked is located 
(Relevant State). You submit to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of that Relevant State.
(h) If y ou do not understand any part of these Booking Terms and Conditions, please contact us on:
Phone: International Number: +61 (3) 9977 8088  |  local Number: 1300 068 888  |  Email: bookings@scape.com.au 
3. CANCELLATIONS, HOLDING DEPOSIT AND REFUNDS
(a) All cancellations of a boo king must be submitted to us in writing via email addressed to bookings@scape.com.au. 
(b) Please see P art 2 of these Booking Terms and Conditions for further details on our policies relating to holding deposits and refunds.
4. ROOM/BED RATES AND EARL Y ARRIVAL
(a) All r ooms/beds and rates are for occupation by one person only, unless specified otherwise.
(b) Although w e try to ensure the room/bed rates and other costs published on our Website are accurate, errors may sometimes occur, and we 
will only be bound by the rates and costs set out in your residential tenancy agreement. For more information, please see our ‘Website Terms 
and Conditions of Use’ currently located at www.scape.com.au/terms (as may be updated from time to time).
(c) Should y ou wish to arrive at the relevant Property earlier than the initial commencement date that you booked for, please contact us using 
the contact details provided in clause 2 (Part 1).  Additional charges may apply.
5. IDENTIFICATION, VERIFICATION AND COVID-19 VACCINATION POLICY
(a) On or prior to taking possession of y our room/bed at the relevant Property, you must provide us with: 
(i) proof of enrolment at an Australian educational facility; 
(ii) valid and current identification, including a passport with visa, driver’s license or other government issued photo identification;
(iii) if required by us, reference checks (including employment and/or rental checks); and
(iv) current and valid evidence/proof of: full COVID-19 full vaccination status by a Therapeutic Goods Administration (TGA) recognised/
approved vaccine, or authorised medical exemption to receipt of the COVID-19 vaccine. 
(b) If y ou fail to provide the evidence stated in clause 5(a) (Part 1), we may (at our discretion): 
BOOKING TERMS & CONDITIONS - STUDENT
(i) cancel your booking, in which case, to the extent permitted by the law of the Relevant State, we may retain any holding deposit and/or  
any other amounts you have paid to us; or
(ii) delay the commencement date of your residential tenancy agreement until such time as you provide us with the required evidence. 
(c) By making a boo king with us, you confirm that you: 
(i) have been accepted, or have applied and anticipate being accepted, into a study program at an Australian school, college, university  
or other similar education facility for the duration of your residential tenancy agreement; 
(ii) will be (on or prior to arrival at the relevant Property), and will be able to demonstrate that you are, fully vaccinated against COVID-19  
by a TGA recognised/approved vaccine or validly medically exempt from receipt of the COVID-19 vaccine.
6. AGE REQUIREMENTS
(a) Subject to c lauses 6(b) and (c) (Part 1), by making a booking with us, you confirm to us that you are 18 years of age or older.
(b) If y ou are under 18 years of age when you make a booking with us, you: 
(i) must have the consent of a parent or guardian to make the booking; and  
(ii) by making a booking with us, confirm that your parent or guardian consented to you making the booking.   
(c) If y ou will be under 18 years of age on the commencement of your residential tenancy agreement, you may be required to seek permission 
from your relevant education facility to occupy the relevant Property.  You may also be required to have a parent or guardian co-sign and/or 
guarantee your residential tenancy agreement. 
(d) Y ou must be 16 years of age or older on the commencement of your residential tenancy agreement if you are booking at any property owned 
or managed by us.  We do not accept bookings from, or enter into residential tenancy agreements with, individuals who are younger than 16 
years of age.
7. RESIDENTIAL TENANCY AGREEMENT AND BOND
(a) Please car efully review the terms of the proposed form of residential tenancy agreement before beginning your stay with us.  By proceeding 
with your booking, you confirm that you have read and understood the terms of the residential tenancy agreement. 
(b) As per the terms of the r esidential tenancy agreement (and without limiting the terms of that agreement), you acknowledge that rooms/beds 
cannot be sub-leased, and that no pets are allowed at the relevant Property. 
(c) Among other items specifi ed by us, payment of a bond and provision of a signed residential tenancy agreement will be required before we 
grant you access to your room/bed at the relevant Property.  
(d) If y ou fail to provide any item required by us in order to occupy your room/bed at the relevant Property (including, but not limited to, any bond, 
a signed residential tenancy agreement, the first instalment of your rental payment, or reference checks) prior to the timeframe stipulated by 
us, we may (at our discretion): 
(i) cancel your booking, in which case, to the extent permitted by the law of the Relevant State, we may retain any holding deposit and/or any 
other amounts you have paid to us; or
(ii) delay the commencement date of your residential tenancy agreement until such time as you provide us with the required item. 
(e) T o the extent of any inconsistency between: 
(i) these Booking Terms and Conditions and the terms of your residential tenancy agreement, the terms of the residential tenancy agreement 
prevail; or
(ii) Part 1 of these Booking Terms and Conditions and Part 2 of these Booking Terms and Conditions, the terms of Part 2 of these Booking 
Terms and Conditions prevail.
8. PAYMENT METHODS
(a) In or der to make a booking at a Property, you must be able to make rental payments via one of the following methods: 
(i) fortnightly direct debit, by providing Australian bank account details or by way of a Mastercard or Visa card;
(ii) full upfront payment, via bank transfer (to an account nominated by us) or credit card; or
(iii) any other method nominated by us, at our discretion, or as otherwise required by the laws of the Relevant State.
(b) Cr edit card surcharges may apply to payment made by way of credit card or with Mastercard or Visa.  Any credit card surcharges must be paid 
by you upon booking.
BOOKING TERMS & CONDITIONS - STUDENT
9. PRIVACY
(a) In making a boo king with us, you may be required to provide us with your personal information. We may also collect private information from 
you (such as information about your age, gender, nationality and disability, as relevant) in order to allocate you with a suitable room/bed at the 
Property.  
(b) W e refer you to our privacy policy at www.scape.com.au/privacy-policy (as may be updated from time to time) (Privacy Policy). Our Privacy 
Policy sets out the terms on which we collect, hold, use, disclose and process personal information. 
(c) By making a boo king with us, you: 
(i) confirm you have read and understood our Privacy Policy; 
(ii) consent to the way we collect, hold, use, disclose and process personal information as outlined in our Privacy Policy; and 
(iii) warrant that all personal information provided by you is accurate.
PART 2 – CANCELLATION & REFUNDS POLICY
1. IMPORTANT NOTICE
The information provided in Part 2 of these Booking Terms and Conditions relates to cancellations made prior to the execution and/or 
commencement of your relevant residential tenancy agreement.  Separate terms will apply to cancellations made after the execution and/or 
commencement of your relevant residential tenancy agreement. 
2. REFUND PROCESS
(a) Despite an y other provision in these Booking Terms and Conditions, in order to arrange a refund of any amounts paid by you (including a 
holding deposit), you must first complete and provide to us a refund form (Refund Form).  A copy of the Refund Form is available at Part 3 of 
these Booking Terms and Conditions (as may be updated from time to time). 
(b) All r efunds will be made via bank transfer (or otherwise via a method of our choosing) within the timeframe required by the law of the 
Relevant State or, if no such timeframe is stipulated by the law of the Relevant State, within a reasonable period of time after the applicable 
Refund Form has been duly completed and provided to us.  
3. PROPERTIES LOCATED IN NEW SOUTH WALES, AUSTRALIA
(a) T o reserve a room/bed at a Property located in New South Wales, Australia, you must pay a holding deposit equivalent to one weeks’ rent 
when booking your room/bed.
(b) Y ou will be required to sign a residential tenancy agreement prior to your arrival at the relevant Property, at which point the holding deposit 
will be applied towards the first instalment of rent payable under your residential tenancy agreement.
(c) If y ou request to cancel your booking, or do not sign your residential tenancy agreement within the required timeframe specified by us, the 
booking may be cancelled and all fees (if any) paid by you will be refunded to you, less the holding deposit. 
4. PROPERTIES LOCATED IN QUEENSLAND, AUSTRALIA
(a) T o reserve a room/bed at a Property located in Queensland, Australia, you must pay a holding deposit equivalent to one weeks’ rent when 
booking your room/bed.
(b) After payment of the ho lding deposit, you will be provided with a ‘cooling off’ period that will end on the earlier of: 
(i) the commencement date of your residential tenancy agreement; and
(ii) 48 hours after payment of the holding deposit,
(the Cooling Off Period).  
(c) During the Coo ling Off Period, you will be entitled to inform us in writing that you are cancelling your booking, in which case your booking will 
be cancelled and the holding deposit will be refunded in full to you. To receive this refund as and when required by the law of the Relevant 
State, please complete and provide to us a Refund Form.
(d) Y ou will be required to sign a residential tenancy agreement after paying the holding deposit within the period of time required by us, at which 
point the holding deposit will form part of the rental bond. 
(e) If y ou: 
(i) do not inform us in writing of a request to cancel your booking during the Cooling Off Period;  
BOOKING TERMS & CONDITIONS - STUDENT
(ii) request to cancel your booking after the Cooling Off Period; or 
(iii) do not enter into your residential tenancy agreement within the period of time required by us pursuant to clause 4(d) (Part 2), 
we may cancel your booking and all fees paid by you will be refunded to you, less the holding deposit. 
5. PROPERTIES LOCATED IN VICTORIA, AUSTRALIA
(a) T o reserve a room/bed at a Property located in Victoria, Australia, you must pay a holding deposit equivalent to one week’s rent when 
booking your room/bed.
(b) Y ou will be required to sign a residential tenancy agreement within 14 days of paying the holding deposit. 
(c) T o receive a refund of your holding deposit as and when required by the law of the Relevant State, please complete and provide  
to us a Refund Form.
6. PROPERTIES LOCATED IN SOUTH AUSTRALIA, AUSTRALIA
(a) T o reserve a room at a Property located in South Australia, Australia, you must pay a holding deposit equivalent to one weeks’ rent when 
booking your room.
(b) Y ou will be required to sign a residential tenancy agreement prior to your arrival at the relevant Property, at which point the holding deposit 
will be applied towards the first instalment of rent payable under your residential tenancy agreement.
(c) If y ou request to cancel your booking, or do not sign your residential tenancy agreement within the required timeframe specified by us, the 
booking may be cancelled and all fees (if any) paid by you will be refunded to you, less the holding deposit.
7. UNFORESEEN CIRCUMSTANCES
(a) W e understand that some individuals apply for accommodation while waiting for confirmation of acceptance to and/or enrolment in an 
education facility and subsequent course offer, or issue of an Australian student visa by the Australian Government.
(b) Notwithstanding an y other clause in these Booking Terms and Conditions, if you have paid a holding deposit for a Property and:
(i) your application for an Australian student visa is denied or not provided by the Australia Government; and/or
(ii) you are not accepted into any education facility you applied for,
you may request in writing for your booking to be cancelled in which case: 
(iii) your booking will be cancelled; and
(iv) the holding deposit and all fees paid by you will be refunded in full,
(Full Refund).
(c) In or der to qualify for a Full Refund, you must provide us with: 
(i) written proof of the relevant circumstance set out in clause 7(b) (Part 2); 
(ii) a minimum of 2 weeks’ written notice prior to the commencement date of your residential tenancy agreement; and
(iii) a duly completed Refund Form.
(d) If y ou do not comply with the requirements set out in clause 7(c) (Part 2), you will not qualify for the Full Refund and this clause 7 (Part 2) will 
not apply.  
8. CANCELLATIONS BY US
At any time prior to the execution and/or commencement of your residential tenancy agreement, we may (at our complete discretion, but 
otherwise to the extent permitted by the law of the Relevant State) cancel your booking if any of the following occurs:
(a) the inf ormation you provide as part of the booking process is false or misleading; or
(b) y ou fail to comply with your obligations in these Booking Terms and Conditions.
In this case, to the extent permitted by the law of the Relevant State, we may retain any holding deposit and/or any other amounts you  
have paid to us. 
PART 3 – REFUND FORM
Follows on next page.
SCAPE REFUND FORM
Property Name:        Room Number:
First Name:        Last Name:
Email:        Phone:
CUSTOMER DETAILS
Please complete the following in English and in BLOCK CAPITALS
Managers Name:     Date:
Managers Signature:
Customer Signature:        Date:
Amount:        Entry ID:
Reason for Refund:
Bank Name:
BSB:        Account Number:
APPROVED BY
Please complete Option A or Option B below by typing the information carefully. Incorrect information may delay the refund process.
OPTION A: AUSTRALIAN BANK ACCOUNT
OPTION B: INTERNATIONAL BANK TRANSFER FEE 
International bank fees may apply. *SWIFT code is a standard format of Bank Identifier Codes (BIC) and it is unique identification code for a particular 
bank. It is a minimum of 8 digits. Please contact your bank to obtain your SWIFT code..
AUTHORISATION
Refunds will be processed within 30 days of receiving the form.
REFUND DETAILS (OFFICE USE ONL Y)
Account Holders 
Name:
Bank Name:
Account Number:        SWIFT/BIC*:
Account Holders 
Name:
       Bank Address:
City:        Country:
IBAN:  
(European Bank Only)
Account Holders  
Address:
(OFFICE USE ONL Y)