P a g e 1 | 4 
PART 4 - RESIDENCE RULES 
Student One - Residence Rules 
Subject to the Residential Tenancies and Rooming Accommodation Act 2008 (Qld) (“the Act”), the Residence 
Rules ("the Rules") for the student accommodation facilities located at 363 Adelaide Street Brisbane,
38 Wharf Street 
Brisbane and 97 Elizabeth Street Brisbane (“the Accommodation”) are as set out below. 
1. Residents' and guests' behaviour
a) Residents and their guests must not interfere with the reasonable peace, comfort or privacy of other
residents.
b) Residents
 must
 ensure their guests register with Student One prior to proceeding into any area of
Student One, including all common areas and accommodation spaces.
c) Physical as sault of a person or person/s occurring within a Student One Residence, either in an
apartment or a common space, is considered a serious breach and may, at Student One’s
discretion, result in the resident(s) being given a notice to leave the Accommodation
immediately.
d) Residents must not engage in any form of discrimination, bullying, intimidation and/or harassment
of any kind including, without limitation, by online means such as email or v ia social networking sites. A
breac
h of this Rule 1(d) is a serious breach and may, at Student One’s discretion, result in the
resident(s) being given a notice to leave the Accommodation immediately.
e) Residents and their guests must leave c ommon areas in their apartment and the
Accommodation clean a
nd tidy after using them.
f) Residents must not throw, propel, or drop items from terraces, balconies, or open windows.
Should any resident or guest be found not complying with this rule it will be deemed a serious breach of
the resident’s residential agreement and will be dealt with accordingly.
2. Maintenance
a) Residents must maintain their room/apartment:
(i) in a way that does not interfere with the reasonable comfort of other residents; and
(ii) in a condition 
that does not create a fire or health hazard.
b) Residents must not 
intentionally or recklessly damage or destroy any part of their room/
apartment or a facility
 in their room/apartment. Without limitation, a breach of this Rule 2(b) is a serious
breach and may, at Student One’s discretion, result in the resident(s) being given a notice to leave the
Accommodation immediately.
c) Any requests for maintenance/repairs are required to be submitted via the “maintenance e request
portal” at www.studentone.com.
 Maintenance requests are processed by Student One Monday to
Friday
 during business hours.
d) The resident agrees to share the cost of remedying damage to any item in an apartment common
area equally betw
een the residents of the relevant apartment, unless Student One decides that a
specific resident(s) or resident(s)’ guest is responsible for the damage, i n which case the resident(s)
determined r
esponsible will be charged for the damage. The resident accepts  that Student One will
have sole discretion, acting reasonably, in determining who is responsible for the damage.
e) Residents are not permitted to repair or replace electrical, plumbing, heating, security equipment,
glass, or any 
other item in the Accommodation regardless of their expertise or experience in doing so.
f) Residents 
are
 not permitted to use any electrical appliance other than those supplied by Student One
in their accommodation unless approved prior to use by Student One. This includes, but is not limited
to, clothes dryers, bar fridges, washing machines, gas cooktops, bar heaters  and portable air
conditioners.
P a g e 2 | 4 
3. Cleaning and Garbage Disposal
a) Residents are required (this may include the Residents agreeing a roster for cleaning) to keep the
common ar
eas of their apartment in a reasonable state of cleanliness, including to:
(i) clean and vacuum on a regular basis;
(ii) maintain the area in a
 hygienic manner;
(iii) remove rubbish from the apartment on a daily basis;
(iv) clean internal windows and walls;
(v) clean and keep clean all appliances and cabinetry surfaces;
(vi) clean and keep clean t
he internal areas of, and the external surfaces beside, beneath
and surrounding the
 cook top, range hood, oven (if applicable), microwave and
refrigerator equipment; and
(vii) comply with any reasonable direction of Student One in this regard.
b) Residents must supply their own cleaning materials and equipment where not otherwise supplied
by S
tudent One.
c) Should the common areas of an apartment not be cleaned regularly or be in a state
considered by Student One to be unhygienic, the resident(s) of that apartment will be issued notice to
thoroughly clean t
he common areas of the apartment. If the residents do not arrange for the
c
leaning of the common areas of the apartment within 1 day, or an alternative time period to be
specified
 in the notice, Student One may arrange for the common areas of the apartment to be
professionally cleaned at the expense of the residents of the apartment.
d) Garbage chutes, located on each accommodation level are available for residents to dispose of general
garbage. Residents must comply with instructions in the garbage areas in relation to disposal
of garbage and are responsible for ensuring all recycling is placed in the appropriate chute
or r
ecycling bins provided.
e) In the interest
 of hygiene and aesthetics, residents must not place garbage adjacent to or on top of
garbage b
ins. Residents must not leave garbage outside their rooms/apartments. Residents
must not dispose of garbage or throw any item over or from balconies, terraces or open
windows. Any Resident found not complying with these procedures may be charged with the
cost of cleaning, removing and/or disposing of the garbage, at the discretion of Student One.
4. Safety and Security
a) T
o ensure the Accommodation remains safe and secure, residents and their guests should undertake
the following:
(i) ensure that t
heir room/apartment door closes and locks behind them when they enter or
leave;
(ii) ensure that building external doors are closed after exiting at all times;
(iii) refrain from propping open doors for any means;
(iv) refrain from granting access to the Accommodation to anyone not k nown to a resident;
(v) familiarize oneself w
ith your neighbours;
(vi) never lend electronic access/swipe cards to another person;
(vii) refrain from leavi
ng money or valuables in full view when they are not in their room/
apartment;
(viii) securing bikes 
to a bike rack using a quality lock such as a U-bolt; and
(ix) immediately notify
 Student One if they notice any suspicious people or behaviour in or around
the Accommodation.
P a g e 3 | 4 
5. Smoking and Illegal Drug Use
a) The Accommodation is a smoke-free zone, and residents and their  guests are prohibited from
smoking in the Accommodation. R esidents and/or their  guests fo und to be smoking within any part
of
 Student One will be issued a minimum $330.00 fin e for each infringement.
b) The 
illegal consumption of drugs in the Accommodation is prohibited.
c) Without l
imitation, a breach of Rule 5(a)  or (b) above is  a serious breach and may, at S tudent One’s
discretion, result in the resident(s)  being given a notice to leav e the Accommodation immediately.
6. Social Gatherings, Events or Parties
a) Should a
 resident wish to arrange/plan/provide a  “social gathering”, “event”  or “party” at the
Accommodation 
(“the Event”), then prior written approval to hold the Event must be obtained fro m
Student One. An  Event applic ation form must be lodged with Student  One at least  72 hours prior to the
Event. This form is available fr om Student One administration.
b) Residents 
must immediately comply with any direction by Student One in relation to complaints
r
eceived about an Event, such as reducing the noise levels or ceasing any activity or behaviour  which is
causi
ng a disturbance to other occupants of the Accommodation and/or neighbours of the
Accommodation.
c) Student One reserves the right to terminate an Event at its  discretion.
b) Student One can ask non-residents, uninvited visitors or any other person(s) deemed t o be unauthorized
by Student One, at its absolute discretion, to leave the Accommodation.
c) Residents are issued with a swipe card for access to their room/apartment and to numerous common areas
of the Accommodation. A replacement swipe card can be issued to a resident if lost or damaged upon
payment of a card replacement fee.
d) Residents must not tamper with, or change, a door lock in the Accommodation.
e) If a resident is locked out of their room/apartment outside business hours,  Student One will grant access
subject to th e resident’s identity being established. Other than due to a faulty lock/swipe card, if Student
One is required to grant a resident access to their room/apartment due to lock-out, a call out charge of $5
will be applied to the resident’s account to open the apartment/room door. This $5 will be donated to
Charity.
f) Evacuation maps are posted in various parts  of the Accommodation indicating the nearest exit and  steps
to take to vacate the premises in the event of an emergency. Residents are required to comply with all
evacuation procedures and directions.
g) Residents
 must attend compulsory fire awareness programs and fire and evacuation drills as  directed by
Student One 
from time to time.
h) The fire brigade, police, ambulance and/or the Student One monitoring services (as applicable)  are
obligated to respond to any
 alarm regardless of the cause. Any resident(s) found by Student One in its
sole discretion, acting reasonably, to have set off a false fire activation  whether  purposefully, due to
negligence,  reckless  behaviour,   use   of   a naked flame such as a candle, incense or similar or
by distraction or ignorance are responsible for any charges levied by  the fire brigade and fire
contractor for services and repairs resulting from the false alarm activation. The current charge for a
false alarm, as imposed by the Queensland Fire and Emergency  Service, for the 2022-23 financial year
is $1,
408.25
i) Excessive steam from showers and hot water usage at any time may  set off a fire alarm. Residents
must always use the bathroom exhaust fans when showering, close the bathroom  doors and use the
kitchen exhaust fans and range hoods when cooking.
P a g e 4 | 4 
7. Alcohol Consumption
a) No large quantities of alcohol are to be brought into any common area within Student One. This 
includes bottles of spirits, cases of beer or casks of wine. Quantities deemed acceptable include a 
singular bottle of wine, a six pack of beer or a six pack of pre-mixed drink (375ml).
b) Large quantities of alcohol found in the common areas will be confiscated and can be collected 
from management the following day, or they will be disposed of.
c) Disrespectful behaviour will not be tolerated and may result in residents being issued a Notice to Remedy 
Breach (form 11) or a Notice to Leave (form 12).
8. Guests
Residents must ensure their guests are aware of these Rules.
9. Access to residents' rooms
a) Student One must take reasonable steps to ensure residents have quiet enjoyment of their rooms.
b) Student One must not enter residents' rooms other than as provided under the Act   .
10. Animals
It is a significant breach if an animal, other than a working dog, is kept at the premises without Student One 
approval.